fix typo in README (#1734)
twisted/twisted: README.rst

Static Code Checkers
--------------------

You can ensure that code complies to Twisted `coding 

> dards <https://twistedmatrix.com/documents/current/core/development/policy/coding-standard.html>`_::

Reviewer: It looks like you've introduced a new typo here ("dards").

Static Code Checkers
--------------------

> You can ensure that code complies to Twisted `coding 
> dards <https://twistedmatrix.com/documents/current/core/development/policy/coding-standard.html>`_::

Reviewer 2: I think that for coding standard we should use "latest" instead of "stable"

Also, we now have a new domain

```suggestion
You can ensure that code complies to Twisted `coding standards <https://docs.twisted.org/en/latest/development/coding-standard.html>`_::
```
